WINC clarify Getting Support wording (#44112)
openshift/openshift-docs: windows_containers/windows-containers-release-notes-4-x.adoc

[id="getting-support"]
== Getting support

Windows Container Support for Red Hat OpenShift is provided and available as an optional, installable component. Windows Container Support for Red Hat OpenShift is not part of the {product-title} subscription, it requires a separate subscription and is supported per the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/production/soc/[Scope of coverage] and link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/production/sla[Service level agreements].

You must have this separate subscription to receive support for the Red Hat WMCO. Deploying Windows container workloads in production clusters is not supported without this separate subscription. You can request support through the link:http://access.redhat.com/[Red Hat Customer Portal]. 

> For more information, see the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Life Cycle Policy document for linkhttps://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift#windows[OpenShift Container Platform for Windows Containers].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Life Cycle Policy document for link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift#windows[OpenShift Container Platform for Windows Containers].
```
